Improve Scala.js module config docs (#1938)
com-lihaoyi/mill: docs/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/Common_Project_Layouts.adoc

import mill.scalajslib._

object foo extends ScalaJSModule {
  def scalaVersion = "2.13.8"
  def scalaJSVersion = "1.10.1"
  // Make the DOM available by using the jsdom library (as in Scala.js tutorial)
  def jsEnvConfig = T(scalajslib.api.JsEnvConfig.JsDom())

>   def ivyDeps = Agg(ivy"org.scala-js::scalajs-dom::2.2.0")

Reviewer: I would first `import mill.scalajslib.api._` at the beginning of the file and then write `def jsEnvConfig = T(JsEnvConfig.JsDom())`
What do you think?

At the same time, `jsdom` needs to be installed with npm and has different complications, so I don't know if it should be referenced in the first Scala.js example.

Author: Humm, I agree on npm dependency but I thought about adding it since it's not documented anywhere making a newcomer life harder if starting with the Scala.js tutorial and using Mill...

What do you think? Remove it or do something like linking to the tutorial?

`ScalaJSModule` also exposes the `foo.fastOpt` and `foo.fullOpt` tasks for
generating the optimized Javascript file.

ScalaJSModule requires declaring it's dependencies as third party

> libraries (note the two sets of double-colons `::` necessary between the library name and the version).

Reviewer 2: Might look as nitpicking, but the wording  made me understand that double colons are needed for "thirdparty libraries" whereas they are needed for "Scala.js libraries" in general.

```suggestion
libraries (don't forget to use double-colons `::` between the library name and the version for Scala.js dependencies).
```

> If you are following the [Scala.js Tutorial](http://www.scala-js.org/doc/tutorial/basic/), in the section where you test the code, it's mentioned that you need to make the DOM available to Node.js. Install the `jsdom` node library as instructed then add `def jsEnvConfig = T(JsEnvConfig.JsDom())` to your `build.sc` object. In Scala 3, you don't need the "scalajs-env-jsdom-nodejs" mentioned in the tutorial.

Reviewer 2: This should be an Asciidoc link and https.

```suggestion
If you are following the https://www.scala-js.org/doc/tutorial/basic/[Scala.js Tutorial], in the section where you test the code, it's mentioned that you need to make the DOM available to Node.js. Install the `jsdom` node library as instructed then add `def jsEnvConfig = T(JsEnvConfig.JsDom())` to your `build.sc` object. In Scala 3, you don't need the "scalajs-env-jsdom-nodejs" mentioned in the tutorial.
```

Reviewer 2: Can you add, why this is not needed in Scala 3? Is it already included or no longer necessary?
